okay really see it
but I mean
mr. your degrees outside right now so
okay these are the second ones they're
kind of pilling up but that's not
affecting the battery razor's edge these
are awesome
you'll notice that actually the truck
will go faster with these in there are
forty four hundred milliamps instead of
a three thousand so they'll hold a
higher charge okay so I have actually
shaved these down just a little bit so
because you'll notice with the Traxxas
plugs
they've become harder to insert into the
batteries so I have shaved this plastic
portion down just a tad so it's really
easy to get them in but they are secure
- no problem no problem
now for that sprinting challenge cross
country
to give you an idea how far that is
I keep in mind these motors are like 20
bucks apiece
compared to two hundred and fifty
dollars for the brushless so it's still
pretty darn fast for
even brushed Emax license okay watch car
all right great
they're doing that the spoon live on
that streets 25 so they're doing at
least 30 these batteries last much
edit that out too
you